added a reminder to configure the datadog provider with the site api url (#30585)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/integrations/guide/aws-terraform-setup.md

Using [Terraform][1], you can create the Datadog IAM role, policy document, and the Datadog-AWS integration with a single `terraform apply` command.

1. Configure the [Datadog Terraform provider][2] to interact with the Datadog API through a Terraform configuration.

>     * `api_url` if you haven't already, make sure you configure the Terraform provider by pointing to your Datadog site API url

Reviewer: Let me know if this isn't what you meant.

```suggestion
    * If you haven't already, configure `api_url` to your Datadog site's API URL.
```
